um today we're here one box
finally the awesome blackout in
spotlight and so I just picked this up
at Toys R Us cuz I had to get a second
one because you know I went on the
heater vent like I said in the other
video and then I got this life Cobra Act
Game Stop
I didn't unbox it for a video cuz its
wave3 it's old stuff old news let's open
up blackout first it's awesome
Oh bear look at that look at that almost
all right there we go I'll show you the
card in color alright so here is
blackouts card one thirty seventy one
fifty thirty up didn't win okay
blackouts code w DB bt j mr FL we don't
need to code time to shock all right
71 2060 130 Oh
spotlights call code j m7 z md d 2p z
there is it so there are the two awesome
awesome awesome characters spotlight and
blackout finally completed my light and
dark for trap team woohoo
so thing is for watching make sure you
like and subscribe and I will see you
guys
on the next video and don't forget to
peace out